Updating release notes format (#1438)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/release-notes.md

---
title: "dbt Cloud Release Notes"
id: "release-notes"
description: "Release notes for dbt Cloud"
---

> dbt provides release notes for changes to dbt Cloud so you can see recent changes. Generally, you'll see release notes for these changes:

Author: ```suggestion
dbt provides release notes for dbt Cloud so you can see recent and historical changes. Generally, you'll see release notes for these changes:
```
